I have an emergency surgery to perform
in Baltimore I'll fly wherever I happen
tonight to get there tomorrow morning
can you help me sir I think we may have
a same problem I have an idea so what's
rush I'm getting married tomorrow
Oh congratulations no no it's we're not
we just met
what's the key idaho medical Concord I
regretted it I would explain the
question
[Music]
anyone
Alex look at me
you really hurt your leg the phone
smashed my phone has no signal and we're
pretty high up in the mountain if we
stay here we're safe if we leave her to
rescue the less likely to find us look I
want to die up here because you're too
scared to take a risk someone's looking
for pilot himself like nobody knows
where we are we're all we got - me and
you we can go three weeks without food
three days without water and three hours
without self
we might die together
and I don't even know you
[Music]
don't dive
cook today
all right
[Music]